Read Operations Review (#4)
mattdavis0351/mongodb-labs: exercises/mongo-shell/crud/read.md

db.movieDetails.count()
```

> :mushroom:`count()` returns the total of all documents, which means duplicate documents will be counted.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
➡️ 
```

Author: Negative, you removed the whole line in favor of an ➡️.  did you mean:
```suggestion
:arrow_right:`count()` returns the total of all documents, which means duplicate documents will be counted.  
```
